CNV#44025: [Doc] Document how to select the default VolumeSnapshotClass (#92884)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-customizing-storage-profile-snapshot-class-cli.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/storage/virt-configuring-storage-profile.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-customizing-storage-profile-snapshot-class-cli_{context}"]

> = Specifying a volume snapshot class by using the CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Specifying a volume snapshot class using the CLI
```
fluff

> If you are creating a snapshot of a VM, a warning appears if the storage class of the disk has more than one volume snapshot class associated with it. In this case, you must specify one volume snapshot class; otherwise, any disk that has more than one volume snapshot class is excluded from the snapshots list.

Reviewer: see note below on this paragraph.

You can select which volume snapshot class to use by either:

* Setting the `spec.snapshotClass` for the storage profile

> * Setting a default volume snapshot class

Reviewer: This might be better as a sentence.

```suggestion
You can select which volume snapshot class to use by setting the `spec.snapshotClass` for the storage profile, or setting a default volume snapshot class.
```

Reviewer: If you choose to keep bullets they need periods at the end.

Author: Added bullets.

> 

Reviewer: Should this have some kind of prereqs? Like you must be have oc installed?

.Procedure

> * Set the volume snapshot class you want to use, as shown in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the `VolumeSnapshotClass` you want to use. For example:
```
volume snapshot class should be in backticks

Author: Done

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cdi.kubevirt.io/v1beta1
kind: StorageProfile
metadata:
  name: ocs-storagecluster-ceph-rbd-virtualization
spec:
  snapshotClass: ocs-storagecluster-rbdplugin-snapclass
----
+

> * Alternatively, set the default volume snapshot class by running the following command:

Reviewer: This would be better as an optional step.

```suggestion
* Optional: Set the default volume snapshot class by running the following command:
```

Author: Making it an optional step seems confusing. It isn't a consecutive step; it's just another way of performing the procedure.
